Hello.
I'm Clarissa Loredo. I'm from Brazil, I'm a researcher and engineering.
And we are.
I am part of a group that is concerned about sustainable smart cities.
And we are blaming an evolution of the cities, so we can have better quality of life of our citizens in cities of the South global, and also the cities of Brazil.
So, they're sustainable Smart City evaluate models.
And they intend to be comprehensive to cover CDs from different context.
They I to maturity model, it's a very good model, but it is.
It was developed two CDs that had an infrastructure of ICT developed.
So, we decided we needed to expand the model for evaluation of smart cities in adapt to the global south countries.
So it was necessary to adequate the methodology of the model to the reality of Brazilian in Latin American cities to guarantee there there is in office set of indicators, and they applied methodology.
So our model, we have two more levels of maturity, then the model of it you to to include series that they did not have interest tracks for of information and communication technology.
So, their maturity model. It's called maturity model of smart sustainable cities in Brazil, or Brazilian cities, and the model is a maturity model with recommendations, so that each city can develop and implement its own evaluation model, strategies,
indicators in evolution targets, their recommendations are anchored in the dimensions of sustainable development, which they are economic, environmental and social, cultural, so they use of ICT, as an enable to.
And also we have excess of institutional capabilities of this series for the development, because we have seven maturity levels, which are acceleration, commitment, planning alignment development integration and optimization.
So the levels of maturity. They are the, the highest is the level seven, which is optimization.
And, number one and two.
In Latin American global South countries.
The cities that they don't have infrastructure so they start to plan an evolution of the cities, so they could start to have digital transformation and also include digital literacy to their citizens.
This sustainable development and ICT, as we have eight indicators.
We are these indicators are based on ICT, and you burn infrastructure, well as sustainability. So we have the mind dimensions of economy, environment, and social, cultural and characterization.
Okay.
And in our institutional capabilities, we have five x's, which are strategy, infrastructure, data services and applications and assessment. So each of the x's.
They have many topics that will go through the governance of the CD.
So the whole model is is in the, the last slide, which we have the four dimensions, with the level of each of the dimensions, so we can have
one to seven of the levels of each dimensions.
They have topics for the indicators which are 80.
Plus, we have the institutional capabilities with the, the axis, and also its topics, which I 30 for all of this 34 indicators, they will ask all the city halls, to enter the indicators and questions about the city.
So, Each year we will have another set of evaluation of the city to see if the city could evaluate of could ever loot for a next level of the city. And we have to remember that everything is to have a better quality of life of its citizens.
So we are part of the center of information technology of Brazil and the altars of the maturity model our cloudy so which is me, cocktail Louisa Masia ethical Clady in Angela.
Thank you.
And I'm open for questions.